removing http, adding public data note (#155)
OSGConnect/connectbook: start/data/stashcache.md

via the user's /home directory and regular HTCondor file transfer). Smaller files should only be handled 
via `/public` with explicit instruction from an OSG staff member.

5. **Files placed within a user's `/public` directory are publicly accessible**, 

> discoverable and readable by anyone. Data is made public via http/https or `stash`, and mirrored 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
discoverable and readable by anyone, via the web. Data is made public via `stash` transfer (and, thus, via http addresses), and mirrored 
```

> to `/cvmfs/stash.osgstorage.org/osgconnect/public` which is available on a large number of systems around the world.

Reviewer: Can we maybe just remove this, so that we're not providing a cvmfs address?
